---
title: Moving To San Diego In 3 Years
date: 2025-01-11
draft: false
tags:
  - planning
  - San_Diego
  - California
  - moving
  - data 
  - data_analytics
---


## A Chat With AI


My desire to move to San Diego (Southern California) has been intensifying recently. I wanted to see what I need to do to be able to move to San Diego in 3 years. I gave ChatGPT my information from a financial and job experience standpoint. 

### Financial

From a financial standpoint because of my job I am in a pretty good position. I do need to build up an emergency fund, which I was going to do regardless if I was moving to San Diego. The cost of living in Chicago is not that much different from San Diego in terms of apartments. The amenities of the apartment/building might be a little different but that is negated by the fact you are within a walkable distance to the beach in San Diego and the weather is always beautiful. 

### Job Experience 

This all comes down to job experience, unfortunately my company doesn't have an office branch in/near San Diego. Working fully remote with my current employer is a possibility, but I don't want to just relay on that. Lucky for me San Diego has a technology sector, specifically in data science. If I can position myself with the data solutions my company has in the first year, it can make me desirable when the time comes to try and find a job in the San Diego job market.  

Companies to look into are 

- Qualcomm 
- Teradata
- ServiceNow

Using my employer's tuition reimbursement benefit to get a Master's in Data Analytics in the 3 years while I prepare myself would be tremendously beneficial. 


### Scouting 

I need to explore San Diego and other Southern California areas (Oceanside, Orange County). I think the minimum would have to be 2 trips a year to get a sense of the city. Discover the nice areas and the areas to stay away from. Also to discover the businesses that make living in San Diego worthwhile. 

This requires a lot more information so I will continue this thought in another post. 