---
title: Snowboarding, A New Hobby!
date: 2025-02-14
draft: false
tags:
  - hobby
  - fun
---

## Getting Into Snowboarding

I have been on the lookout for some new hobbies to get into once I start my new job. Snowboarding is something that has been on my mind for years, I think now is the perfect time to fully get into it. The timing seems a bit off since its mid February and winter is coming to an end. To my surprise there are a couple all year long indoor facilities near me. I still need to look into the pricing, but it looks like i can snowboard all year long!

### My criteria for a hobby

I believe there needs to be 5 aspects for a hobby to be successful to me and snowboarding has all 5. 

1) __Travel aspect__
	- Can the hobby lead to traveling around the US or another country?

	So I am lucky to have an indoor facility near me to practice any weekend I want. However, there are many outdoor facilities/resorts in Illinois, Wisconsin, Indiana, Michigan, or even Minnesota. The further I go out the more time i would need to plan, but its nice that I can travel to different places centered around snowboarding.

	Top resorts in the US are in Colorado, Utah, California, and Vermont (when will I ever have the desire to visit Vermont if it is not for snowboarding?)

2) __Gadget aspect__
	- Are there specific gadgets/attire associated with the hobby?

	Snowboarding is all about gadgets/attire. It has a high upfront cost to stay warm while spending hours outside. 
	
	- snowboard
	- braces for the snowboard
	- beanie
	- helmet
	- goggles
	- balaclava
	- jacket
	- pants
	- layering for upper/lower body
	- mittens
	- boots

	 All these items have different brands and different price points. Starting off I just need one of each, but after time I can start collecting more.

3) __Collection aspect__
	- Does the hobby promote any type of collecting?

	I feel collecting will come natural with snowboarding with all the attire needed to do snowboarding. Snowboards are unique and personal to the snowboarder. Collecting multiple snowboards to use would be fun especially if it is a special edition. 

	 Also, going to many different resorts it would be nice to collect shirts/hats from all the different places I have been. Either to wear or display.

4) __Technology aspect__
	- Does the hobby require the use of tech?

	I believe once I am comfortable/good at snowboarding, I will want to record myself going down the slopes. Either with an action camera or a mini drone following me down. This requires buying and maintaining the tech as well as introduces a new hobby in video editing. 

5) __Ease of planning aspect__
	- Can the hobby be done within a day or standard weekend?
	- Is it possible to prepare with only a few days notice? (the activity and travel preparations)

	The prime example for this aspect would be if on a random Wednesday I decided to go to Wisconsin to snowboard. It most likely would be easy to make reservations for a ski resort for that weekend. Also, the snowboarding activity could be done within a standard weekend. (no holiday or PTO needed)

Can't wait to get into snowboarding, I hope is to practice in 2025 so that in 2026 I can be part of the Winter Olympics hype. 